Good evening! Can you please help me rewrite and reword a script for the below the hosts name is Nolly Santiago and the year is this year 2025 thank you! Work. I hope that you Guys can be a part of this long term vision. So raise your hand if you've been here less than six months, typically a lot of a big part of the room. So if you've been here less than six months, this part of the presentation is for you. You kind of saw a little of this already, but I'll quickly go over it. So compensation, the first thing to note is, how do you even calculate compensation? And the reality is, those of you who are here for six months, some of you don't even know how we get paid. So there's nothing wrong with hearing something twice. So if you go out there, the company's average policy that you close is about $250 a month. So you sit down with a client, the average close for the entire company, not just our team, is $250 now, some of us are in better markets than others. Some of us have, you know, target premiums that are 500 $1,000 a month, $2,000 a month. We have some clients that do $10,000 a month. And others of us are not in so good markets, and we do $50 a month. You know, $75 a month. Let's just say the average premium is 250 and just like a Reeve showed this, this is also part of my buster. I write it down, I say $250 now let me just kind of quickly go over this and see how we did that. So these are the different levels of commission, right? You get started with us. You're a training associate. You're gonna get paid at 30% then you move up to associate level, then you move up to a senior associate level, and then you move up to marketing director level. I always tell everybody, my first month in the business, I hit marketing director. If that's not you, you can sell somebody else. Hey, know what my upline, or my sec, or somebody I know in the hierarchy of whoever, somebody in your office, they hit marketing director, they did, you know, 25 sales, 25 recruits their first month, and their marketing director. Well, here's the compensation that's tied to it. All right? So if you're brand new, it's very simple to calculate compensation. You get. The target premium in this example is 250 so if you get $250 a month, you times it by 12. And then whatever level you're at, that's what you that's how you calculate your compensation. And I and before I even go on to my next presentation, I'm gonna tell you something that's really awesome. I know a lot of you guys back there probably can't read everything on here, and a lot of you guys are busy trying to take notes, but we want you guys to listen to us. We want you to hear how we deliver the message, and you can still take notes, but I don't want you to worry about having to take pictures. You know why? Because at momenta Monday, every single one of you will have a USB drive with every single person's PowerPoint in it. You know, every single one of you will have all these PowerPoints in a PDF version. Of course, I need the PowerPoint, but you'll have this, and it's pretty awesome, because there's no way that you're gonna come here and you're gonna grasp every single thing that every person is saying. I rather you hear the message, not worrying about writing down what's on the street. So because of that, we're gonna give you a USB, or your SMD will get as many tickets that they purchase. They're gonna get that many USBs with a copy of every single person's PowerPoint on it. Talk about some payouts. Okay, how do we actually get paid out? This is mainly for your brand new people, and unfortunately, some people that are seasoned still don't know the the extent to how this works, but this is for your brand new people. How do we get paid out on a policy? Okay, so there's different ways we get advanced commissions. So your first advanced commission, you sit down with a client. I sit down with Mark. He's my brand new recruit, and I do internal consumption, just like your roof said, and Mark gets a policy for $250 a month. He seems pretty healthy to me, so I submit the policy with premium. So Mark's target premium is 250 so with the policy, I submit the actual, sorry, not policy. I submit the application to the insurance company with premium, so $250 within a week, the insurance company is going to give me my first advance commission of 40% so you'll get 40% advance on submission. Then it takes about three to four weeks for the policy to get approved. So once the policy is approved, I sit down with Mark, and I call on Isaac mark, congratulations, your policy just got approved. I need to set up a time to deliver the policy to you. Then I deliver that policy to mark, and I send the delivery requirements to the insurance company, and then that's when I get my second advanced commission of 60% the way a lot of people, not only in our hierarchy, but in the entire company, are starting to change their business, is now we submit trial applications. So how do you get your commissions paid on a trial application? So let's just say that I sat down with Mark, and I said, You know what, Mark, I don't know that you're going to qualify. So what I'm going to do, I'm just going to take down your information, I'm going to put it on the application, I'm going to submit it to the company, then once your policy gets approved, I'm going to deliver it to you, and because I didn't take premium with the application, so once your policy is approved, Mark, I'm going to deliver it to you, and you need to authorize the company to take out your 250 $250 out of your account. Then I submit the PAC form to the insurance company, and within a week, I get 100% of my commission advances. So there's different ways of doing it. There's an advanced commission. You do the first advanced, second advance, but the majority of us are now doing a trial application. So then you get renewal depending on what company you use. So I know what trans America is, the company that we use the most, so they pay out anywhere from three to 5% renewals for about 15 years. I know Pacific Life doesn't have the amount of years that they have renewals for. So we do get paid renewals. Please know this, and this is something that I explained to all my when I'm explaining compensation, I go over this. This is in particular to Transamerica, okay, your clients must pay 13 months of target premium. In order for you not to get a chargeback, they have a total of 20 more months to do that. So let's just say six months went by and they paid their monthly premium, paid their monthly premium for six months. They happen to miss months seven and eight. It's all right, they just need to be able to catch up and pay for a total of 13 months of target premium within 24 months in order for you not to get a charge back. Got it all right, rollovers. Let's talk about some rollovers. I know some of the Cardinals. I think partners. Your goal is how many? 20 million. So part of the goal is to do 20 million in rollovers this year. You know, I know Anthony, he closed tons of rollovers last year. Here, everyone, I have a goal of 20 million as well. 21 million we're gonna give. All right, so there's a lot of money to be paid on rollovers, which is really awesome. And for the most part, there's no charge backs on rollovers. Okay, so let me explain to you how you get paid on a rollover. Once again, this is more for the majority of you who are a little newer. Okay, so let's assume that you have a client who has an old 401 K sitting with Chase. Is chase a really good place to have your retirement account at it? No, let's just say they have it there with Chase. Okay, they no longer work with that company, so what we do is we take that money from Chase and we roll it over into another retirement account with some of the best companies out there, like Transamerica, Prudential your securities license, or a theme Jackson national, there's a whole bunch of different companies out there that you're allowed to place that money, and now not only is it going to be better for them, but you can also offer, at times, guarantees to the client so that they're not losing money. So if you have somebody who has 100,000 this is the example. So 100,000 the average payout in all depends. The average payout is about 6% to WFG. So total WFG commission is 6000 let's assume you're a marketing director. So you're a marketing director, so you take 6000 times 50% commission. That means that 50% Yeah, 50% that means that your commission as a marketing director would be $3,000 that's pretty awesome. I don't know have a goal of doing that. We know once a month. Is there a lot of people out there who have retirement accounts and they don't know where to place them? Yes, and a lot of them are placed with, you know, Wells Fargo, Bank of America Chase, so people that don't necessarily focus on the retirement accounts. Now, calculating points, this is very important, and sometimes it's pretty confusing. Okay, so how do you calculate points? And I apologize, it's a little small, but remember, you have this on you're going to get this on a USB drive. So Transamerica points are calculated different than other companies, and I'm going to go over both. So Transamerica points are calculated this way. So if you have a policy that you close, or if you have an application, you're going to submit for $100 you times that by 12, that means that that client's going to pay 1200 in annual premium. So your commission, not your point. Your commission will be calculated this way, 1200 times 62 equals $744 in commission. Okay, it's not 1200 points that will hit the board, but your commission will be based off the 1200 that is why trans America pays us more, because they're at 125% scale. And I know it can be confusing, so just notice that with trans America, the way to calculate your points and the way you calculate your points in your commission is different, just mainly with trans America. Okay, so here we go. How do you calculate your points? Since we're at 125% scale, so you take 1200 times 1.25 so that means the points that are going to hit the board are going to be 1500 but the the amount that you calculate your commission with is going to be 1200 Do you guys understand that? Right? How about everybody else, all the other life insurance companies here, even I just showed you the compensation with Transamerica, which is what most of us use, but there's times where we don't use Transamerica. So you must know how the other insurance companies also pay. So here's a breakdown. Training associate to Senior Marketing Director. The compensations are slightly different. So when you're calculating the points and commission, this is how you do it. For the most part, $100 times the target premium times 12 equals 1200 so your commission is 1200 if you're at a 50% contract, then your commission would be $600 so there is a difference in commission with trans American other insurance companies, and the point that will hit the board is 1200 points. All right, there we go, building a team. You're kind of did this, but let me kind of go over this again, duplication. I'm awesome, right? So if you're a marketing director, let's talk how you get paid at every single level. Now let's talk about building All right, if you're a marketing director and you start building a team, I want to show you what the compensation is like. All right, because team Conger should have that flag that we have the most $100,000 earners in our base shops, we already started doing that. I know we have a few $100,000 Bay shop earners. I know Nanette and Bradley in the room are based on people to start competing. And I know we have some competitive people in here. So if you're a marketing director, so I'm speaking to most of you who are not. SMD, if you're a marketing director and you're at a 62% contract, you go out there and you close your policies, let's just say they average up to 10,000 in premium. So here we go. So 10,000 times 62% you by yourself, you're making $6,200 so as a marketing director, it should be like this that you're making 6200 bucks. You're at a 62% contract. You've got close 10,000 in premium, and you're making 6200 bucks. I don't know what other company out there, where, and the reality is to do 10,000 it's not like you're grinding it, you're not grinding it, and working day in, day out, you know, 8080, plus hours, you're not so there's no other place like that that gives you these type of opportunities. Now let's talk about you building a team. You have four people on your team, and I always tell my people, because I this is part of my fast start, and that's why you read with no friends, right? You have four people on your team. I said, You know what? It's gonna sound really awesome, right now, I'm gonna show you these numbers, and you're gonna love it, but it requires a lot of work, and you're gonna bring people that are gonna quit on you because somebody told them it's a pyramid. Somebody told them it's a scheme, and they just don't believe it. And they quit, and they quit, and then you build and they quit, and you build and they crave but eventually some people stick, and you have some solid people that stick. So if you're a marketing director, and you have four people that at least sit, and then you're gonna have some people that are not just as good as them, and they each go through 10,000 points. They're just saying you each go through four policies themselves. So you as the MD, you go to four policies that equal 10,000 in monthly premium and then, sorry, annual premium. Then you have four other people that do the same thing. Here we go. That training associate. This is what I tell my brand new person when I'm doing this fast start that training associate, the difference between their compensation and your compensation is 32% so I always say, you read who you think gets that 32% override you. So if you're the MD, and you have a training associate, and they go do 10,000 personal points, the difference is 32% so you're gonna make 32% override on that person, then you have so that's 3200 bucks. Then you have some news that an associate at 45% they go do the same thing. You override them a little less. At 17% you still make $1,700 on them. Then you have a marketing director. The difference between, sorry, a senior associate, the difference between their commission and your commission is 7% so 7% of 10,000 although a senior associate should be producing more than 10,000 personal points, but for number purposes, let's just say it's 10,000 you're still overriding that person 700 bucks. And then you have another person that's a training associate. Maybe they just want to be a personal producer. They don't want to build and they just personal produce that, right? So you're gonna make another 3200 bucks. So a lot of times we feel like, well, we don't want to build a team. We don't want to be rejected. We're afraid people are gonna tell us, No, we don't want to go up to a girl and tell her hair looks nice. We're a little crazy. We're afraid of what they're gonna tell us. And, you know what, oh, my god, we're gonna feel so bad that they said, No, you need to think about your goals. Think about your wise let that person goes talk to that person and introduce and you have that focus of building and recruiting, building and recruiting. So if you're a marketing director, and all you have is four solid people want to meet you. You make $6,200 on your personal production. Then you make $3,200 then you make $1,700 then you make $700 and you make another $3,200 that's $15,000 in commission that you make as a marketing director. How many marketing directors here want to make $15,000 pretty awesome, right? That's you're on pace to 180,000 that's what I'm talking about. Having MDS in the higher speed, making 100 grand. MDS making 100,000 you don't have to wait till you get to S and D and start doing building some solid people. You're at a pretty decent contract level, 62% that means you have the ability to override for hurry up and continue to recruit and get these people to stay, and get these people to become consistent, so that now you, as a marketing director, you're making six figures pretty awesome right now, what if you're an SMD? What are the standards for SMD, 50,000 Bay shop points, especially if you want a gun for that quarterly bonus. So if you're an SMD, so now you graduate yourself from being an MD, and you're an SMD. So here we go. If you're doing 50,000 Bay shop points, let's assume that 20,000 of those are going to be personal. Should be SMD be the biggest producer in their team, absolutely. So if you're an SMD, you're making 50,000 point and 50,000 Bay shop points, 20,000 personal at 80% contract is proving most of your businesses with trans America, the numbers might be slightly different. So let's just say for this example, that's $16,000 in personal commission. Then you have a team that you're gonna override at an average of 35% and some of them are training associates, some of them are senior associates, some of them are marketing directors. They're just saying that 30,000 base shot point, the average overrides gonna be 35 35% that's 10,500 then as an SMD, the company likes to give you free money. And because you produce and you're consistent, what do they give you a bonus, right? So at the SMD level, you get a 3% bonus of 9% so that 3% bonus is gonna yield you 1500 so what does that equal to that's $28,000 a month. That's $336,000 a year. Two unrealistic numbers, no, if you're an SMD, which is most of us here, how many of us have 50,000 Bucha points? Yeah, everybody, almost pretty awesome. Right now. Let's talk about the next env. So let's just say that you get three other people, three other SEDS, my first three right here. So let's just say I get your read, I get Carlos and I get Danny. Sorry if I'm here before. Okay, so I get three SMDs, right? So three SMDs. So now I'm an SMD, and I'm doing 50,000 Bay shop points, and I'm running 20,000 personal points, but then I produce out of my Bay shop three other SMDs that each will do the same thing as me, 50,000 Fauci points. That's $8,500 override on each person. That's pretty awesome. So now, is it worth it to keep following up and following up and following up on people, and following up and building and building them and leading them and teaching them and having them at your house over at midnight, and, you know, setting up appointments with them at the office and pouring into them now for the rest of our WFG career. As long as they're consistent, these guys are going to continue to produce 8500 8500 8500 8500 pretty awesome, right? So let's put that into perspective. That's 25,500 that's $306,000 in normal, right? Plus the 336 from my base shop and my personal production, there's my half million dollar ring. That's $642,000 Okay, now, are these unrealistic numbers? No, they're not unrealistic numbers. That's you going out there and building three solid SMDs, building yourself first become a solid SMD, then you going out there and building three more solid SMDs, and you get a half a million dollars. Are you kidding me? Most corporate executives don't even make love to this type of money. And you have the opportunity here. We have, we have the opportunity to all different people from all different walks of life. Are you kidding me? He gotta go. Was born on a dirt floor in Santos, Mexico. You gotta be able to fall in love with the opportunity to not only fall in love with the opportunity to fall in love with the compensation, the type of money that you can make and the type of money that other people can make. Do I stop pretty far enough away. Now let's talk about buildings and real leaders, not only in three but being in the business. Remember my dad talked about the 10 year room, right? So let's get, let's get to building leaders, not only three, but let's just say 10. So Guillermo says seven to 10 key players, right? Seven to 10 key players. They just say we have our 10 key players. So on average, I mean, once again, I'm using the 50,000 points. I'm not using anything unrealistic. So if I have 10 that's half a million super base points, I override my first generation SMDs at 17% that's $8,500 plus my super base bonus would be 15 $85,000 plus my super base bonus at 15,000 that's a total of $100,000 a month. Who's ready to make $100,000 Oh, but I forgot to add, I forgot to add, you know, my base shop in there as well. So 28,000 was 100,000 that's 128,000 times 12, that's $1.5 million dollar is the opportunity real? Do you believe it's real? But you gotta work hard. You gotta work hard at it. You gotta be willing to put in the crime. You gotta be willing to put in the work. It's not gonna come easy. No one won't, and it's not gonna come who's just sitting down and listening to us and writing some good notes, who have to go out there and execute and start talking to people start processing. People start doing faster than some people start doing one on one. Some people. This is the reason we're happy with because you know what? 2020? Is a different decade for Team conquer. Right on top of that, we get a bunch of different bonuses. Here we go. So we get six different bonuses. We get a beige up bonus. We get a super base bonus, a super team bonus. And because I have a 65 license, I'm concerned that I recommend that you go up there, but I have a 65 license, you get an advisory based bonus, advisory super base bonus, and advisory super team bonus. I'm not a home mom, but whatever, it's cool. Here are the different bonus goals, right? Because I can show you guys different bonuses that we get. So as an SMD level, at an SMD level, there's requirements minimum, 25,000 make shop breaks, you get to participate in these bonuses. So 40% of 9% then as a super base, okay, at an EMD level. So at an EMD level, you must hit 100,000 base through first. So what does that mean? That means that my base shop and my three SMDs with me, we have to hit 100,000 Bay shop points, which are my examples. In that case, we'd be hitting 200,000 because each of my SMDs hit 50, and then I get 50, so that's 200 so then you get a super team bonus. So these are pretty cool. This is on top of all the compensation you already make. This is Hey, thank you for being a player and a consistent player with wg, we're gonna throw in some additional monthly bonuses. I don't know about you, but I like some freedom. You. Alright, I show you how that does. Then we also have the quarterly bonuses. This just got rolled out not too long ago. So these are quarterly bonuses if you're consistent and for three months in a row. So first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter. If you hit 50,000 50,000 50,000 the company is gonna go all cool. Thank you, because we can depend on you to be consistent. Here's an additional $8,000.06 bonuses that we get. And then, if you're a real player, and you do 100,000 100,000 100,000 Guess what? They say you do double the work, we're gonna double your bonus. So instead of eight, we're gonna give you 16. Like to give away some free money. This is what I found right now when I was in the back of the room. So I put this light in here. My Wi Fi wasn't working, but this is so February, so let me just kind of show you it's real. It's not, you know, we just talk about, oh, you cook making bonuses if you do this. No, there's people doing it advisory. $61 I probably picked more in fees, but $574 for the super team, and then the super base is 1100 bucks. That's pretty awesome. Bay shop, 1200 my super team, 12,000 my super base, 18,000 pretty cool. These are bonuses that the company gives me. So $34,000 that month, on top of all the other income I made, because I have pretty good sizable TV is it worth it to invest in your people and build and build and develop and develop Absolutely. So this is your action cut. Okay? Your reef kind of gives you a little bit of an example of this, but they just a you get started in the business, a lot of us, a lot of us right now are nowhere near where we want to be, and we still have a bunch of people who don't have life insurance, who don't have retirement accounts, who still need our help. And God, we give something happens to that family that or, yeah, something happens to that father or that mother, that time is going to be devastated. Focus is what you need to do, and it's simple, and I'm talking to your training Associates, and I'm talking to your senior marketing directors, all right, let's just say that you don't overdo it, and you just do 10. You just aim at booking 10. Ktvs, it sounds simple, but most won't do it. Okay? All I'm asking you is that you commit to booking 10 KTPs a week. You book 10 KTPs a week. Out of those 10 KTPs, the business is the business, and the people are the people. Okay, half of them will cancel. So just know that. So it's okay if you overbook, and if you're overbooked, then you give somebody else an appointment as a matchup. All right, so you go out there and you Monday night phone zone or Saturday after VPN. You sit after and you fill up your calendar with 10 brand new KTPs, half of them will cancel. And then so you go on five KTPs, let's just say your closing ratio is 50% I'm getting your ring somewhere in the middle. He said 80, and then he said, We're staying 30. Let's just say your closing ratio is 50% so you close half of those. Is this doable? So you close half of those, so you go on 20 actual pay tickets. 10 of them get closed as your closing ratio pass. Or some people are just people and ignorant and just don't believe in life insurance, don't believe in saving and building wealth. And let's just say that you're not in the greatest market, that you're in a pretty average market, and you do $100 in premium on every app that you pose. So your aim is $1,000 target monthly premium. And if you do that, here is, if you're a training associate, you'll be making 3600 bucks. Raise your hand if you're a training associate, how would you like? How would you like? $3,600 deposited into your account next month. This is what you gotta do. Can you go out there and book 10 KTPs consistently every single week for the next four weeks? And then, you know, you end up going on half of those, because half of them can't go and then you close half of them. How awesome is that? $3,600 are you married? Do you have any kids? Yes, imagine what that can do for your kids. Oh, it's gonna be outstanding. All right, so if you're an associate, raise your hand if you're an associate, if you do the same exact thing, that's 5400 bucks if you're a senior associate, Sepulveda brothers, if you're a senior associate, and you focus on just doing $1,000 in monthly premium a month. That's $6,600 yeah, that's kind of broke status. But on the real world, who really makes $6,600 a month? Let's be real. And now, if you're a marketing director, you're a marketing director, marketing director, that's $7,400 if you're a senior marketing director, because this is like an automatic every S and D here should be doing minimum 1000 monthly premium. So that's 9600 bucks on your personal pen. This is no override, even as a marketing director or senior associate or an associate. You have the ability to override other people. This is nothing that has nothing to do with override. This is your personal production. You don't have to depend on your teeth taking you to the top, because you can take yourself to the top legislative you know, just say, You know what you say. I don't know anybody. I already like exhausted my market. I have nobody to help appointments with. Well, you guys all listen to Danny, right? So you start taking his skills. You start practicing these skills, and you put one new top 25 list a week. And I don't care how you do it. I don't care if you do it on the resumes. I don't care if you do it on the CO prospects. I don't care if you do it on referrals. I don't care if you're at a family party networking event. You know you talk to Amanda that you never sat down with. I don't care who you put on this top 25 list, but the point is, is that every single week, no matter what level you're at, directing, associate, Senior Associate, you know, SMD, CEO, every single week you put a top 25 list, and the numbers are the numbers out of Every single top 25 list you took eight days, you know, one direct recruit a week. Out of every top 25 you get a one direct recruit. Because some will say yes, some will say no, and the rest, I'm no. So out of every top 25 you'll get one direct and if you do four top 25 days in one month, you're eating four directs. What does everybody slick? And you stay fired up and get licensed and all that, no, right? So they just say four directs, two of them actually slick and get licensed. And then they create activity for you. Because, remember, you don't have a market anymore, because you exhausted your market, and nobody's gonna say yes to you. But guess what? They have a market, and they each look, you know, they each take you on 10 appointments, and remember, your closing ratio is 50% so the average policy, they just say it's 100 bucks lower than the company standard. And you're doing 500 monthly premium times two, that's 1000 so I don't care how you do it, the plan is focus on 1000 premium for you to make some money. You guys fire up. Kind of go over this. So promotional guidelines, how do you move up? There's challenging path we all know to move from training associate to associate in any given month. You do three, 333 recruits, three acts in 30 days. How do you move up to the next level? Senior Associate, to 1010, 30. This is not you by yourself. This is you and your entire team, marketing director. This is how I hit marketing director at 25 sales, 25 recruits in my first 30 days. So Senior Associate and marketing director must be done your first 30 days. Training associate to associate can be in any given month. So if you're brand new, currently, I can do this. If not, there's a traditional way to get promoted, which is also very easy. So how do you get promoted to associate three? 330, or 20,000 20,000 points in 90 days, right? Senior Associate rolling three months. You must have four licensed agents, and you and your team must produce 30,000 Bay shop points, but you can do it all by yourself. Remember, you should be doing 10,000 points anyways every single month, but you must have four licensed agents. Marketing Director, rolling three months, five license agents and 40,000 net points. Senior Marketing Director, don't worry about writing this down. One, it's on the WFT website. And two, you're gonna get into PowerPoint. So rolling three months, 10 license agents, free, direct, late 70,000 75,000 base net points, which is gonna be going up Company Standard, not to conquer standard, $35,000 or more in a rolling 12 month period, or 20,000 in cash flow in a rolling six month period. My opinion, these are we need guidelines. Teams are has some hiring guidelines. Minimum, you should have 25 people showing up to meetings. You should have 15 likes of people underneath you. And you need at least having $50,000 watch to even consider taking this promotion. All right, here we go. So EMD, there we go. I didn't go fast. My time is running out. They have a timer for me up there. CEO, EDC, so 91 point 5 million based on first here we go. Let me talk about these bonuses. We have executive vice chairman bonus. So these are additional bonus that the company gives you. So if, between me and my first generation, SMD, we do 2.5 million super base, which we do with our ice closed as team conquer, then they're gonna give us 10,000 so this is an additional annual bonus that WFG, every single year. Giselle, one eye. Pretty cool right now. Or you can hit it based on your you can hit it to hit 25,000 you have to do 4 million. So basically double it up a little bit more. We always do that with our eyes closed as well. So here we go. Scbc, now, this is kind of sturdy for the newer people. These are the people that are sitting in the front that are gunning for something bigger. Okay, they've maybe been here a little longer, okay, so scbc level one, 6 million super base points, net points in 12 months. Or you do a 15 million super team, and then you get a presidential Rolex, okay? So if you do these points, the company will give you a presidential role. It's pretty cool. I don't know what it's worth, but I like it. Then this is what we're eating for right here. To get 50,000 your you and your direct SMDs must hit 8 million super base points, 20 million or 20 million super team. So remember, super team is different. Super base is all my first generation SMDs. And then my super team is my SMDs that are first generation, all the SMDs that they produced, and that gives us 50,000 so SDC level three gives us 100,000 this is what we're aiming for. Then SEC level four gives you 200,000 that's a 12 minute super base. We had a meeting this morning, and we got some pretty solid commitments from all our leaders. Man, we're gonna surpass this if everybody puts their head down and goes and achieves what they committed to doing. Man, Team talkers gonna be on a rise. It's gonna be awesome. We're gonna be known. We are already known, but we're gonna be known with flag. We're gonna be known as the most million dollar earners. You if we're at an SEC level four, and we're hitting 12 million super base points in additional to that 200,000 they're gonna give us 30,000 on our regular bonuses that I showed you earlier, all right? And then another 75,000 right? There? Then your chairman, FC team concrete used to be an fct, right? So at fc, you override your entire team at an additional 21 basis points. This is like higher level. You're here brand new. You don't understand this. Remember at the beginning I said I have something for my new people, and I have something for my more seasoned people. This is something for my more seasoned people. At FC, you get to override the entire your entire team at an additional 21 basis points. Okay, so you need to be at minimum. So that's an additional 105,000 in additional to that 200,000 5000 additional bonus on the regular monthly bonuses that we get, here we go. This is what fires me up so much, right here, it's easy, because not only am I in it to overwrite Team COVID, but I'm in it to override Eric Olson. WFG, if we get to easy, we will be overriding the entire company, not only team Conger, at 13 basis points. I want you to see what this looks like, right? Because they give me the chills. And I know that this is what we're going for, and I know that this is what we're gonna hit. It's fun. I was finalizing my PowerPoint last night in bed, and I said, Honey, in 10 years where you think our team's gonna be, in 10 years, where you think the company's gonna be? And he was almost right there, the same exact numbers that I have put so check this out. All right, the entire company. All right, the entire company, right now is approaching a billion dollars, a billion points. They're approaching a billion points. So if we override the entire company. This is an additional to all those other bonuses I already showed you. That's an additional bonus right now the company is approaching a billion points, a billion points in production. So that would be an additional $1.3 million to our bank account. They just say that they grow in the next few years to 2 billion, that's 2.6 then three, that's 3.9 then five, five is where me and Guillermo both mean, and the company projects probably higher. The company in 10 years is going to be at minimum $5 billion company. That means that Guillermo and I will be getting a $6.5 million dollar bonus every single Year, automatic. We have it aligned right now automatically where our Face Shop, right face shop, a million point Bay shop, Fauci shop, are you in the house or other people? Face Shop, are you in it to get your leader ticket to a million point Bay shop, our Face Shop is going to be at a million point Bay shop, our super face our direct SMDs, all our direct SMDs, takes 2 million bucks in 10 years now, our super team these, this includes everybody else. This includes, you know, Mark. It includes Eric. It includes that one. So it includes, you know, Garrett and all them, and use everybody else, 252, 50 million in 10 years. Is that? So let me show you what these numbers look like. So our base shops overrides would be 485 if we do that. So our base shops with our personal production and our overrides would be 485 our super face overrides would be 6 million bucks. Super base. Screw it. I don't have to do that. 485, even if I didn't run another one base up. But it's in our blood I'm loving so much so our super team over I would be $8 million but then our base shop bonus would be 40,000 our super base bonus would be 1.5 our super team bonus would be $6 million our SEC bonus would be 200 our FC bonus would be 500,000 our EC bonus would be 6.5 million. Total of 45 6 million, 8,040,001.5 6,000,200 525, 6.5 and you can just give a lot of it away, healthy, unfortunate. You can be the biggest donator of your church. You can go build you can go build homes for the people who don't have homes. You can go give opportunity to those that were born on a dirt floor in LATAM, if this doesn't fire you up you are in the wrong room!